welcome to austria for this new
grand prix on the calendar finally new
have done the new with old
because my dear geromois I was able to
get out my mac cann and white beard
because hellweg the circuit of the bone
cheating as it was called at the time
it was a legendary circuit of
world championships it's a toboggan
a very fast circuit so there was
this spielberg modernization what we
called the one ring and ain string in
austria and so this is the route that has
been modernized and taken over by
red bull obviously one of the drink
energizing all-powerful in f1 like
everyone knows that now has its own
great price you ran there in nude
in promotional formulas the the
plot itself inspires what
so I ran there on the old
traced so at the time when it was still
a ring in a chronic formula at all
start at the very beginning of the car for
me the year 2003 it is a choice of circuits
why because actually simple
toboggan
so I think it's a choice of
circuits too because we can have
the saint cirq overruns we saw
nice mommy f1 fights at the time is going
this first braking that will even very
later taught me to this second braking
mounted in this third braking
descent we arrived each time 2
passes 2 7th in second so some
8th speed overtaking opportunities
and so
and so here I think I think
that he has a nice race now
indeed it has evolved a lot and the
circuit the surroundings we go from
barcelona monaco montreal to go to
austria in the hygiene campaign so
it's very different from the bodies a very
different
not too many distractions here I think of
mayor albeit with red bull me I think
that we can expect maybe
precisely because it in front
a big party is maybe a
exercise of style compared to their
their marketing
we know that red bull at this approach
very very innovative a few steps from the
business and the the events is going to be a
show so it's true that I appreciate
a lot
Austria for its side
almost country
it's very bucolic it's a beautiful
region the Styrian hills then
the hotel industry obviously it's not the top
level but hey it's nice it's the
spring
and then here are the girls are pretty I
think they will be they will
many because red bull is going
definitely put the dishes
in the big ones
I think that in any case it is necessary
hope it's true that it takes
they do things he needs them he
very good in general
so I think we're going to have a nice
great price so even if it's in a
other decor and especially I think that there
the center of attention is going on this
nanny at the circuit this new track
engineers have little data on this
circuit so on this route
it'll be interesting to see what they
will do
so exactly when when
was apprehending a new circuit
how is it prepared upstream
what does it give in simulation
see in the simulator on my sheet
simulator
then the first phase and the analysis of the
circuit so they will model not
circulates but in every least
details to the nearest centimeter after they
are going to put that in the simulator we're going
start a simulation job from
simulation that today is pushed
really very far away so finally
we arrive on this new circuit as
that pilot but even as
that engineer with a lot
information always point
of questioning even though none of the
surface and so on
how will react tires that
has not had any tests but hey I think
pirelli to all the experience that there is
from experience and they certainly
had the bottom bottom done tests in all
case appointment information circuit but
so at a big job upstream of in
the simulation that makes that ultimately
it's more so much more so
new and between the virtual and the real
finally what a difference in gold skis
the big red button that makes
crib we press it and we are
new
on this circuit no it's the difference
inevitably it is that it remains of the
simulation as a pilot ago
some things we can not
to feel in a simulator
on the other hand at the technical level
level of work on self all that one
can really push things very
very far a simulator of formula 1
today we have a site in the car
we can if I make a setting on the
brake distribution on the differential
on the engine brake
I can do it and I will feel the
difference so it's really very
sharp as if we were in the right
turn us into a real
cockpit of the car and we do not see
the difference my hockey committee incident
well ben red bull ring so in principle
obviously the icing on the cake for
the seo mater zych is that the red
bulls come back to the fore
very complicated start of the season for red
bull and vettel
ricciardo besides who the 1 who has it
teased how you start you feel
evolution in this team there in
particular
it'll be interesting to see how
they will succeed evolved during the
season even so interesting I think
half measure in the sense that they have
evolved enormously from last four
seasons they have a power of de
development that is huge
so there is no reason they
can not come back to the level
Now that would be made a mercedes
nice advantage for the moment
red bull and his hunters wing between
quotation marks the first hunter behind
behind mercedes
there is a fight in house too we have
saw anyway that vettel a little trouble
as in robert's time and he has a
little trouble in screaming bone flesh
which is directly there it is certain the
reaction we have not used to
know at home but the situation is
very different for four years he has
he really dominated formulating a
pause this pole a car that was I
still thinks quite superior to
others and maintenance is no longer the case
so that's another situation and it's
interesting to see how he will react
I think that in any case internally this
interesting to see that he leaves the
opportunities to richardot to express themselves
and it's good for the stable to have two
drivers who grows who pushes in front
especially now they dominate - so
for dialing one of the Builders
it's important to have two pilots who
they deliver
point result so how do
world champions will behave themselves
in adversity
answer this weekend to spielberg